feat: Multi Dev Portal (#7561)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/access-and-approval/manage-app-reg-requests.md

yet had their request reviewed by a {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin. 

**Rejected**
: An application registration request was rejected by a {{site.konnect_short_name}} admin.

## Contextual developer application analytics 

> You can view analytics for developer applications from within the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Dev Portal. This gives developers the ability to gain insights into all of their applications and the relationships between applications and APIs.
> 
> Each application has its own dashboard, which provides a high-level summary of the **Number of Requests**, **Average Error Rate**, and **p99 Latency**, and charts for the following data points: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view analytics for your applications from within the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Dev Portal. This helps you gain insight into your consumption of different API versions, routes, and methods.

Each application has its own dashboard, which provides a high-level summary of the **Number of Requests**, **Average Error Rate**, and **p99 Latency**, and charts for the following data points: 
```

* Requests by version
* P99 latency by version
* Error code distribution 

All of these metrics can be viewed within a selected time frame of up to **Last 30 days**, over a period of the last 90 days.

{:.note}

> > Free accounts only have access to a time frame of 24 hours.

Reviewer: This is not really related to app reg so I would suggest moving it to a different page. Perhaps https://docs.konghq.com/konnect/dev-portal/applications/application-overview/ is a more appropriate location for it
